Publication 20250202 (#112)
yayoi-chi/yaya-world: content/en/news/2025/stream-recap-2-feb.org

#+TITLE: Stream Recap: 2 Feb
#+DATE: 2025-02-01T10:02:34-08:00
#+DRAFT: false
#+DESCRIPTION:
#+TAGS[]: stream recap news
#+KEYWORDS[]:
#+SLUG:
#+SUMMARY: A complicated week! Rather than two art streams, I did two Genshin streams, but I ended up canceling my Throwback Thursday 😅 Still managed to get out of Sumeru City and on to this years Lantern Rite!

* Art Streams
Only one art stream this week! I worked a little more on the largest panel in page four of my comic. I'm not sure I'm entirely proud of it, but we'll move on to the other panels and see if I end up completely redoing it!
* Game Streams
Yes, you're not seeing things there really are two Genhin Impact sections down there. This is probably the first time I've done the same game twice in one week, but I needed to get Lantern Rite started and had to get myself free from the Sumeru dream first! So, yeah, two Genshin streams! You do not see Xenosaga either, that was the original plan, but I had to cancel as I was not able to focus on providing a good stream for the kittens that day 🥺
** Genshin Impact

> Our first Genshin stream was more dendro archon quest stuff. I had to stop stream in the middle of the story and was kind of trapped. Like realizing I was literally one door away from a savepoint in Xenosaga, I was probably 10 or 15 minutes away from getting unstuck in the last stream. Well, we did some more fun archon quests though, so it was okay!

Reviewer: maybe make sure the reader knows you're referring to the last stream here...
```suggestion
Our first Genshin stream was more dendro archon quest stuff. Last time, I had to stop stream in the middle of the story and was kind of trapped. Like that time I realized I was literally one door away from a savepoint in Xenosaga, I was probably 10 or 15 minutes away from getting unstuck. Well, we did some more fun archon quests though, so it was okay!
```

#+begin_export html
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/oWt2C0r-OVc?si=G-6EYYTMUyuER8Sy" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>
#+end_export
** Persona 3 Reload

> I focused on climbing Tartarus. The story is getting close to its true climax and final boss fight. We've climbed so many floors and fought half the gatekeepers in this section. Many of our social links are also maxing out so. We'll be getting closer to the end game next week to! I'm really excited. I played P3 on PS2, but never made it this far (actually, on PS2, I think I only made it until like May or June), so I'm excited for the end! Not excited to be done with P3 though, but we can always do P5!

Reviewer: either the 'so' or the period needs to go, i suggest the period! Also, i won't change it, but you made it july
```suggestion
I focused on climbing Tartarus. The story is getting close to its true climax and final boss fight. We've climbed so many floors and fought half the gatekeepers in this section. Many of our social links are also maxing out, so we'll be getting closer to the end game next week too! I'm really excited. I played P3 on PS2, but never made it this far (actually, on PS2, I think I only made it until like May or June), so I'm excited for the end! Not excited to be done with P3 though, but we can always do P5!
```
